docs(grid, scheduler,treelist): Update Delete Confirmation Dialog docs (#1621)
telerik/blazor-docs: _contentTemplates/grid/built-in-dialogs.md

#delete-confirmation

> The built-in Delete Confirmation Dialog requires minimum effort and code. Thus, the dialog itself does not provide customization options.

Reviewer: This sounds like marketing content and can be skipped. Also, we rarely need to include excuses in the documentation.

> To achieve custom appearance and behavior of the Delete Confirmation Dialog, use one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the appearance and behavior of the delete confirmation dialog, use one of the following options:
```

* **Localization** - this approach is useful if you want to change just the text of the built-in Delete Confirmation Dialog elements. It does not allow adding item details to the dialog text.

> * **Predefined Dialog Component** - this option is useful if you want to change the dialog text and include some details for the item the user tries to delete (for example, record name).

Reviewer: We should not use bolding for emphasis. I don't like it, but this is what the style guide says.

Link to docs or example.

```suggestion
* Predefined dialogs (`DialogFactory`) - this option is useful if you want to change the dialog text and include some details for the item the user tries to delete (for example, record name).
```
